docs: fix bridge parameters types and add examples (#346)
canonical/netplan: doc/netplan-yaml.md

    > priority. The bridge with the higher priority will be elected as
    > the root bridge.

  - **port-priority** (mapping)

>     > Set the port priority to <priority>. The priority value is
>     > a number between `0` and `63`. This metric is used in the
>     > designated port and root port selection algorithms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Set the port priority per interface. The priority value is
    > a number between `0` and `63`. This metric is used in the
    > designated port and root port selection algorithms.
```

    > renderer is used. If no time suffix is specified, the value will be
    > interpreted as seconds.

  - **path-cost** (mapping)

>     > Set the cost of a path on the bridge. Faster interfaces should have
>     > a lower cost. This allows a finer control on the network topology
>     > so that the fastest paths are available whenever possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Set the per-interface cost of a path on the bridge. Faster interfaces
    > should have a lower cost. This allows a finer control on the network
    > topology so that the fastest paths are available whenever possible.
```
